@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
alpha;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
alpha;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;obj/Debug/res/layout/tabbar.xml
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;obj/Debug/res/layout/toolbar.xml
androidhud.ProgressWheel;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingprogress.xml
attr;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
background;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
background;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
cache-path;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/46/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
color;obj/Debug/res/values/colors.xml
corners;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbg.xml
corners;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbgdark.xml
declare-styleable;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
external-cache-path;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/46/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/46/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/res/mipmap-anydpi-v26/icon_round.xml
FrameLayout;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
gradient;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbg.xml
gradient;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbgdark.xml
ImageView;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingimage.xml
item;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/values/styles.xml
item;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
LinearLayout;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/bottomtablayout.xml
paths;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/46/jl/res/xml/xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
ProgressBar;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loading.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loading.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingimage.xml
RelativeLayout;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingprogress.xml
resources;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/values/styles.xml
resources;obj/Debug/res/values/colors.xml
resources;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
set;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
set;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
set;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
set;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
shape;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbg.xml
shape;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/drawable/roundedbgdark.xml
string;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/values/strings.xml
style;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/values/styles.xml
style;obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
TextView;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loading.xml
TextView;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingimage.xml
TextView;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/1/jl/res/layout/loadingprogress.xml
translate;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
translate;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
translate;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
translate;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;/Users/akankshasmacmini/Documents/Rashmi/xamarin projects/KinveywithXamarin/KinveywithXamarin.Android/obj/Debug/lp/52/jl/res/layout/rootlayout.xml
